docs: include steps for migrate to quince (#90)
eduNEXT/drydock: README.md

This workaround references the [Andrey's comment](https://discuss.openedx.org/t/updating-tutor-lilac-to-palm-now-that-palms-released-fails/10557/23)

Migration steps
---------------

This guide delineates the necessary steps for a seamless migration to Quince using Drydock, ensuring a smooth transition with careful consideration of potential challenges.

### Regarding initialization jobs

Since Drydock version 17.3.0, a new mechanism was introduced to automatically generate Kubernetes
manifest files for the initialization jobs defined by Tutor and Tutor plugins.
The generated files are meant to be used by ArgoCD for deployment.
Previously you would need to write the manifest files for the initialization jobs
manually if you wanted to use a tool like ArgoCD.

1. For Palm, it is necessary to update the version of [Drydock](https://github.com/eduNEXT/drydock) to the latest version 17.x.x in the requirements.txt file of your environment, including:

    ``` bash

>     git+https://github.com/edunext/drydock@v16.x.x#egg=drydock==16.x.x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    git+https://github.com/edunext/drydock@v16.x.x#egg=drydock==17.x.x
```

    ```

2. In the `config.yml` file, include variables that activate the initialization jobs and post-migration jobs:

    ``` yaml
    DRYDOCK_INIT_JOBS: True
    DRYDOCK_MIGRATE_FROM: <MAJOR_OF_TUTOR_VERSION>
    ```

>    Set `DRYDOCK_MIGRATE_FROM` to 13 for migrating from **Maple** or 14 for migrating from **Nutmeg**.

Reviewer 2: This 
```suggestion
   Set `DRYDOCK_MIGRATE_FROM` to the integer value mapping the origin release, for instance, `13`(Maple) or `14`(Nutmeg). Please refer to the Drydock configuration reference for a full description.
```
Please fix this in the other PR's
